>> Brian Holt: So, I'm gonna show
you one more trick to do with JSX.
So if you go to Search.
It's kind of annoying to say this dot
props dot show dot blah a bunch of
different times.
It's really nice if you can shorten that.
So, there is a trick with JSX.
I can delete this show thing, okay?
And then I say dot dot dot right there.
>> Brian Holt: This looks like and
acts very similar to
the spread operator from ES6.
Make no mistake, this is specific to ES6.
Or sorry this is specific to JSX,
but it's meant to mimic that idea.
And this is basically saying I want
you to take all of the properties
that are in show and spread them out as
if I had declared each one individually.
Or in other words,
this would be the same as saying
poster=, title=,
right?
And going out and
saying each one of those individually.
>> Brian Holt: You may not
always want to do that.
I usually argue that explicit is better,
so if you want all those things,
it's sometimes better to go out and
list those out.
But for the sake of just showing you how
to do it, we gonna go with this, ...show.
I would say this is most akin to the
object spread operator, which is not yet
a part of JavaScript.
I believe that landed with ES8, ES 2017,
yes 2017.
>> Brian Holt: So there's that.
Save that.
Now come back to ShowCard.
So now is not this.props.show.poster.
Now it's this, this.props.poster, right?
We cut out the show part of it.
So what we need to do here, this isn't
this.props.show that we're pulling out of.
It's just this.props, right?
So, drop the show part.
And this is no longer a shape, right?
This is just those.
>> Brian Holt: Right,
just straight on the prop types.
>> Brian Holt: Now, why is this better?
I would say typically this is
kind of a better way to do it.
Because let's imagine you have another
entirely different part of your app that
you also want to use the show-card.
If you don't have the show
objects all ready premade for
you, you have to kind of
simulate creating them, right?
So you have to create an object
that has a show object and
then you put all those
things inside of it.
It's kind of a pain in the butt.
It's better if you just have this
explicit, simple API that's like, okay,
you've got a poster, title,
year, description and
it just knows how to display it.
So, I would say less nesting is almost
always better when it comes to propTypes.
That's a Brian Hault opinion, but
I feel like that's pretty uncontroversial.
>> Brian Holt: I have plenty of
controversial ones.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
any questions about that?
This should still work now.
So, if you come back over here, refresh.
It broke, cuz I stopped turning it.
Mpm run dev.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
I gotta get rid of those.
So get rid of Boolean and shape.
>> Brian Holt: Refresh.
Okay, so that all works again,
and we unexpected account.
Yeah, I fixed that, so cool.
Everything's passing lint, and
everyone's happy.
>> Brian Holt: And.
>> Speaker 2: Question,
Jacob's asking how can
I set a default value?
>> Brian Holt: Default value for
props?
>> Brian Holt: I believe there's a method
called getDefaultProps.
>> Brian Holt: I never use it,
so.
>> Brian Holt: I'm pretty sure it can be
done.
I just don't typically think that's,
I think if you're using
getDefaultProps in all of the place,
you're probably doing it wrong.
If that doesn't make sense
that you're doing it wrong,
we're gonna go over
state here momentarily.
And so, if props versus state doesn't make
sense after that, re-ask the question.